good very mailmen we are we have
minecraft to bring you a new way
called smart orchis and really what
only one that adds is this torch that the
true that pretty cool though good
the only thing that changes with respect to so many
abnormal as you can see is the color
that is a little good those blue flowers
while the other one is brown of color
wood but not really this
torch is pretty good enough
intelligent we could call her although the
People do not have any but the truth
that is very very very very good because
we can really use it for the
mining and it's going to be great because
we can do little things like this one
when we have for example the torch
is the good smart torch coupled to
any block for example to this one
stone and we remove it for example what
we look because it has an iron mine
a coal mine a gold mine
Diamond whatever it good
we break and the torch will stick
automatically to a random site by
example is now for example that is
has stuck to the ground and has stuck to
side is the bottom
for example we can do for example
so that it sticks to the other side if
we do so it goes back to sticking to the
next while I have a site
where to put is always going to get here
at the moment when you no longer have
no adjoining block as it will fall
but it really is pretty smart
As you can see, we can give you enough
utilities and it's pretty cool I've
delighted this way I really do it
of finding the main craft forums and
well I said that although it is quite
simple
I think you should have it because
well, it's very, very cool and it's going to
quite remove that problem that
respect good mining that I'm going to
teach also good in this example is
another one of the good ones really with this
example that I have already really taught
we can see them all and well here it would be
Well practically the same thing is not
would hit any block that
we had around here and we had around here
a mine is the mine to see
give me a bit to see if I see it is
there
I'm going to show you a little how
so it would really work in the mine
it would work in the same way
until we have good half
let's have any adjoining block be
go hitting and here for example we would have
the utility is worth we will put that us
we found the gold mine although to this
height will not find us is put
I 'm going to go biting the gold mine and
at the time when we chop it is
hit here and we do not stay in the dark
so this is the real utility of this
really good way I like pretty
because good I'm old I'm going to
start using safely in my
adventures in singles player not in my
videos surely because I see it a
little bit dried but the truth is that I
will remove enough problems regarding
a good over normal not like
the character by the way it is
just like that we put a torch in
the table and fret in our inventory
and is the way directly the smart
force is not too difficult to
good tune has no return
back although I really do not think that
we need
it was a normal torch that we go to
remove the move then what
it would disappear in all the torches and
well up here the way the truth that
is very very well I hope there is
liked the video I loved it
of course and nothing if you liked
press well favorites do not forget to
follow me on twitter and see you at the
next video see you later